why am I not oh my god that just
happened
[Music]
go for the middle why not there are a
lot of chests in the middle like this
one that everybody else is gonna get
sand I get nothing but a hat and it's a
spank fest thank you
that was fun why did that happen who did
that who decided that we're just gonna
slap the crap out of each other
he's told me it leads to somewhere
there's Terry oh no no no no no why am I
not oh my god that just happened Wow
bublé's bah mm-hmm
we're digging up to the surface get
blocked off all right so we're gonna oh
did I just trap I just trapped myself I
have no pickaxe well I see him and he
sees me pal
take that cow to God get messed up
extroverts
extra or oh my god let's go
No
you cheater yes ever we don't have a
single weapon and when you're playing
Hunger Games it's usually best to have a
weapon and somebody's coming in here to
kill me
hi um please leave please team take it
okay okay we're teaming oh here's my
friend hi friend
hi oh no is he stuck oh no sucks
try that try using a boat can you use
that boat to get out yeah now he's just
swimming in his boat can I kill you can
I kill you I could hit you out now with
a sword
all right uh we got out yeah I did it I
did it okay we better be teams oh no
don't hurt him
oh no guy watch out oh yes yes I'm the
victor I'm sorry my my guy died but I
survived Oh first game and it is a
victory GG you run away thanks for this
iron deed I forgive you blue flowers
that stop drop and roll dude I don't
even know where everywhere why would you
do that why would I do that why would I
do that I don't I don't know that's
that's a good question Jake I don't know
we should we should focus group on that
it's a good question this group is
punching a spider now that just happened